[ANIMAL HOWLING]
[ENERGETIC PUNK MUSIC]
♪ ANYTHING IS WHAT SHE IS ♪
♪ ANYWHERE IS WHERE SHE'S FROM ♪
♪ ANYTHING IS WHAT SHE'LL BE ♪
♪ ANYTHING AS LONG
AS IT'S MINE ♪
♪ AND THE DOOR, IT
OPENS THE WAY BACK IN ♪
♪ OR IS IT THE WAY BACK OUT ♪
♪ ANY PLACE IS WHERE SHE'LL BE ♪
♪ ANY PLACE SHE'LL
SEE YOU FROM ♪
♪ LIES AND SECRETS
BECOME YOUR WORLD ♪
♪ ANYTIME, ANYWHERE
SHE TAKES ME AWAY ♪
♪ AND DEATH CLIMBS UP
THE STEPS ONE BY ONE ♪
♪ TO GIVE YOU THE ROSE THAT'S
BEEN BURNT BY HER SON ♪
♪ POINT ME TO THE SKY ABOVE ♪
♪ I CAN'T GET THERE ON MY OWN ♪
♪ WALK ME TO THE GRAVEYARD ♪
♪ DIG UP HER BONES ♪
♪ I HAVE SEEN THE DEMON'S FACE ♪
♪ I HAVE HEARD OF
HER DEATH PLACE ♪
♪ I FALL DOWN ON MY KNEES ♪
♪ IN PRAISE OF THE
HORRIBLE THINGS ♪
♪ THAT TOOK HER AWAY ♪
♪ AND DEATH CLIMBS UP
THE STEPS ONE BY ONE ♪
♪ TO GIVE YOU THE ROSE THAT'S
BEEN BURNT BY HER SON ♪
♪ POINT ME TO THE SKY ABOVE ♪
♪ I CAN'T GET THERE ON MY OWN ♪
♪ WALK ME TO THE GRAVEYARD ♪
♪ DIG UP HER BONES ♪
♪ POINT ME TO THE SKY ABOVE ♪
♪ I CAN'T GET THERE ON MY OWN ♪
♪ WALK ME TO THE GRAVEYARD ♪
♪ DIG UP HER BONES ♪
♪ BONES ♪